README.md, before:

# 7 Minutes with the Lord

Express + EJS web app (PWA-ready) for guided 7‑minute devotion times with streak tracking.

## Run it locally
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start in dev mode (auto-reload): `npm run dev`
   - or production: `npm start`
3. App runs at http://localhost:3000

The first run creates `data/app.db` and `data/sessions.sqlite` automatically and applies `data/schema.sql`.

## Database schema
SQL to initialize tables lives in `data/schema.sql`. To rebuild manually:
```bash
sqlite3 data/app.db < data/schema.sql
```

### Tables
- `users`: auth, theme/language preferences, streak counters
- `devotions`: per-session log (date, segments_completed)
- `sessions.sqlite`: session store for Express (created by connect-sqlite3)

## Key features
- Email/password auth with bcrypt
- Streak tracking with daily check-in logic
- Guided 7-step timer with per-step verses and a soft ping sound
- Pause/back/exit controls on the timer
- Settings for light/dark theme and language (en/es placeholder)
- PWA: manifest + service worker so it can be “installed” on iOS/Android (Add to Home Screen)
- Install instructions page at `/install`

## Verses and copyright
Short verse snippets are from the public-domain KJV. Each step links to the Recovery Version site for full text. To comply with Living Stream Ministry’s policy, keep snippets short and use links for full passages.

## Mobile install
- iOS (Safari): Share ➜ Add to Home Screen
- Android (Chrome): ⋮ menu ➜ Install app / Add to Home screen

## Notes
- Session secret: set `SESSION_SECRET` in env for production.
- Default step durations are 60s each; adjust in `server.js` (the `steps` array) or enhance the UI to make them user-editable.

Commit message:

Remove login screen, adjust spend time screen, add features to settings, add import and export settings option

README.md, after:

# 7 Minutes with the Lord

Express + EJS web app (PWA-ready) for guided 7‑minute devotion times with local, device-only data (settings, streak, reminders) stored in IndexedDB.

## Run it locally
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start in dev mode (auto-reload): `npm run dev`
   - or production: `npm start`
3. App runs at http://localhost:3000
4. All user data lives in the browser (IndexedDB). No signup/login is required.

## Data model (client-side)
- Stored in IndexedDB `sevenMinutes` ➜ store `appState` (singleton record).
- Fields: `settings` (theme, language, sound enabled/volume, alarm schedule), `streak` (count, lastCheckDate), `logs` (recent sessions), `schemaVersion`.
- Import/Export JSON available in Settings; Reset clears local data on the device.

## Key features
- Guided 7-step timer with per-step verses and soft pings + finish chime (toggled in Settings)
- Streak tracking stored locally with daily check-in logic
- Settings for light/dark theme, language (en/es), sounds, and reminders
- Reminder scheduler (best effort while app is open); optional notification if permitted; alarm screen with snooze/start
- Import/Export/Reset local data
- PWA: manifest + service worker so it can be “installed” on iOS/Android (Add to Home Screen)
- Install instructions page at `/install`

## Verses and copyright
Short verse snippets are from the public-domain KJV. Each step links to the Recovery Version site for full text. To comply with Living Stream Ministry’s policy, keep snippets short and use links for full passages.

## Mobile install
- iOS (Safari): Share ➜ Add to Home Screen
- Android (Chrome): ⋮ menu ➜ Install app / Add to Home screen

## Notes
- Default step durations are 60s each; adjust in `server.js` (the `steps` array) or enhance the UI to make them user-editable.
- Reminders: work only while the app is open/foregrounded. iOS PWAs cannot ring in the background; notifications are best-effort when permission is granted.
